I felt his eyes upon me, strong and penetrating.	I felt strong emotion creep into my voice, and I whispered to my father.	I felt strong desire to thank him for his kindness.	I felt as if I was being pulled down a very strong current.	I felt a strong emotion at the sight of her.
He climbed onto the roof of the boat.	He climbed back onto the roof, and gave her a little squeeze.	They climbed onto the roof and he couldn't help but notice that they were so very tired.	She climbed onto the roof of the cab.	I climbed back onto the roof, waiting for the pincers to leave.
He sounds like a thief, a thief who has been hired by the U.S.	I am going to go over there, but that sounds like a lot.	It sounds like a short-lived dream, and you are now in the future.	It sounds like a kind of moral obligation to treat them as people.	He sounds like a girl from a Hollywood movie.
I would prefer the real thing, the people who were involved.	The real thing was, she was completely drained.	The only real thing that matters is the little green ones.	The real thing is, the worst things are not even worth thinking about.	And then she told him the real thing.
The only thing he could get was a massive treasure trove.	All the time he was throwing the remains of the treasure onto the ground as if it was a final trove of treasure.	He'd taken the cookie jar and his treasure trove of green beans.	The guests moved quickly, then set the wine to an empty glass on the floor to conserve the treasure trove.	The walls were covered with treasure trove of loot, of all sorts.
She was surprised when she met the girl's eyes.	It was then that he was surprised when he met the woman.	You may be surprised by the way I looked when we met.	The man was surprised when he met her gaze.	I was surprised when I met him at the church.
They were out of the rooms, and they were not taking care of their own kids.	The two shared rooms and had a time and they were very happy and occasionally entertained by the other kids.	The children's rooms are packed with teens and younger kids.	The boys had been at their rooms, at school, and in the small kitchen where the kids were kept.	She lives in the same apartments and dorm rooms as her husband and kids.
It had gotten a little too warm to the point where he could hear it now, but he was still sound asleep.	I've gotten used to the sound of my body falling asleep.	It had gotten worse since she had woken up, and now that she was sound asleep, she couldn't even make out what it was.	and she'd gotten sound asleep a few hours ago.	I had just gotten back from the shower when I heard the sound of someone falling asleep.
His body felt like the rock was staring him in the face.	I feel like I have seen the worst in a face.	But there's nothing like the smile on her face.	You know I like the look on your face.	The look in her eyes, like she'd just eaten a sandwich, now was definitely the face of someone she loved.
She went back to the kitchen and checked on that other time.	He went to the kitchen and set the pots on the table.	She went to the kitchen to take a coffee.	I went back to the kitchen and I was on the verge of another bloodbath.	Sylvia took it and went back to the kitchen.