It was weird how everyone was here when I wasn't with my roommate.	I was just wondering how weird it was that I didn't have a roommate.	It was weird because I was going to have to be a roommate.	But what's more weird was my roommate's roommate.	It was weird that I was the only roommate that he'd ever spoken to.
As he fell to the ground, he stopped when the spear pointed towards him.	He fell down and stopped when he pointed at me.	She fell backward and stopped in front of the hole that had pointed to the side.	I fell into the shadows and stopped when I saw a young woman with short, pointed ears.	She fell to her knees and stopped, her hand pointing to her left as she pointed to the statue.
They were staring, their eyes fixed on the wall as a form of armed attack.	They were like his eyes, but they were armed with magical powers.	They watched as, their eyes widening in shock, the armed men fought with all their might.	They met each other's eyes with a great flash of light, and they stood with their weapons in the ready-armed air.	They walked a short distance before stopping to look into the eyes of the armed men.
A man dropped to the ground, his chest drawn tight.	He dropped to the ground and covered his ears.	The sword dropped to the ground, scraping its stony end against his face.	Cadar dropped to the ground, his hands shaking.	His heart dropped to the ground, his breath came out in a whimper.
She left the hall and disappeared into the house.	She turned left at the last of the hall and disappeared down the hall.	She smiled as the last of the people in the hall disappeared into the hallway.	She headed down the hall, but the door just disappeared.	She looked back across the hall and watched as several people disappeared into the crowd.
However, as is frequently the case with your writing, this book has many spoilers, especially for those that are literary and artistic and also for those who are capable of receiving a letter, so to speak.	I frequently heard that there were many, especially in a marriage letter.	Not all information regarding state dates are made so frequently in the books of Exodus and Exodus, especially the Bible, where it is revealed that Moses was given the prophetic word and the letter of the law.	He frequently sends me letters, especially a letter of introduction.	We frequently do this, especially in our letter.
All I had to do was talk to my husband, my husbands and myself.	He had plenty of time to talk to his parents, and he was glad to see that their husbands had no family.	and she had to talk to her husbands.	I had some old friends I used to talk to who were my other husbands.	You had a good time at home, and they had time to talk about their husbands and family.
It looked as if he was lying in a hospital bed.	She looked at him lying on the bed of his hospital bed.	She looked up to see Iain lying on the floor in the hospital bed.	She looked down and saw him lying on the ground in the hospital.	I looked around to see who was lying on the ground, but I knew the hospital was just the way it was.
She turned and walked to the front door.	He turned around and walked back to the front.	He turned, walked to the front of the line.	Sara turned and walked towards the front of the bus.	I turned and walked toward the front of the building.
his brother pointed out the wash room door.	My brother pointed out to me that it would be easier to wash the pieces.	His brother pointed at the wash where a woman had wrapped it.	His brother pointed out the wash coming down from the east.	Brother Vaughn pointed to the wash board behind them.